Flowers did not always exist; they first appeared 140 million years ago.
Several centuries ago in Holland, tulips were more valuable than gold.
Broccoli is actually a flower.
Some plants such as orchids do not need soil to grow-they get all of their nutrients from the air.
Some plants produce toxic substances that kill other plants around them-the sunflower is an example.
The largest Flower in the world is the flower of the Puya raimondii, which has a flower stalk 35,000 feet tall and bears over 8,000 white flowers.
Mimosa punica, or sensitive plant, will actually fold up its leaves when it is touched.
The Bird of Paradise is a beautiful, oddly shaped plant that resembles a colorful tropical bird.
Corkscrew vine flower, Vigna Caracalla, has a flower shaped like nautilus shells.
Lunaria, or money plant, has purple flowers that turn into silver papery quarter shaped seedpods that can be used like play money or jewelry.
Roses are related to apples, raspberries, cherries, peaches, plums, nectarines, pears and almonds.
Tulip bulbs were more valuable than gold in Holland in the 1600s.
Ancient civilizations burned aster leaves to ward off evil spirits.
Tulip bulbs can be substituted for onions in a recipe.
Chrysanthemums are associated with funerals in Malta and are considered unlucky.
The very expensive spice, saffron, comes from a type of crocus flower.
The largest flower in the world is the titan arums, which produce flowers 10 feet high and 3 feet wide. 
Almost 60 percent of fresh-cut flowers grown in the U.S. come from California.
Scientists discovered the world’s oldest flower in 2002, in northeast China. The flower, named Archaefructus sinensis, bloomed around 125 million years ago and resembles a water lily.
The juice from bluebell flowers was used historically to make glue.
Foxglove is an old English name, derived from the belief that foxes slipped their feet into the leaves of the plant to sneak up on prey.
Dandelions might seem like weeds, but the flowers and leaves are a good source of vitamins A and C, iron, calcium and potassium.
The flower buds of the marsh marigold are pickled as a substitute for capers.
Sunflowers move throughout the day in response to the movement of the sun from east to west.
Moon flowers bloom only at night, closing during the day.
Flowering nicotiana is related to tobacco, from which cigarettes are made.
Gas plants produce a clear gas on humid, warm nights. This gas is said to be ignitable with a lit match.
When Mormon pioneers arrived in the Salt Lake Valley, they subsisted on the roots of the Sego Lily Plant. This plant is the state flower of Utah.
The cornstarch-like powder known as arrowroot is derived from the plant, Marantha arundinacea, and is native to India.
Angelica was used in Europe for hundreds of years as a cure for everything from the bubonic plague to indigestion. It was thought to ward off evil spirits.
Blue cohosh, also known as squaw root or papoose root, was used by Native American women to ensure an easy labor and childbirth.
During the Middle Ages, lady’s mantle was thought to have magic healing properties.